# pandas-challenge

In the Heroes of Pymoli pandas challenge, we were tasked with analyzing data from a fantasy game by observing purchasing analyses based on many different player demographics with the intention of finding which types of players purchased more optional gaming items offered to them. We started off by pulling the number of unique items, average price, number of purchases, and total revenue from the total number of unique players in the data set. We then collected the same purchasing analysis for different demographics, such as gender and age, by grouping the data based on those data columns. We then gathered data on the top spenders by grouping the data based on the player name and sorting it based on the highest purchase value. Similarly, we then found the most popular items by grouping the data based on the player name and sorting it based on the highest purchase count. 

Based on the data that we collected, we can draw some conclusions about the players that purchased optional items to enhance their Heroes of Pymoli game. 
    Firstly, far more males purchased the gaming items than females, representing 84% of the players in the data set while females represented only 14%. This conclusion demonstrates that the purchasing options appealed far more to men, so the gaming company may want to refocus their advertisements of the optional items to appeal more to women and therefore increase the purchase of these optional items.
    Secondly, the most common age range of the players represented in the data set was the 20-24 age bin, making up 45% of the percentage of players listed that purchased optional items. The second largest age group was the 15-19 age bin, making up 19% of the percentage of players, so this demonstrates that their most popular audience is between the ages of 15-24. The gaming company could try to target the younger or older audiences for buying the optional items, or they could try to focus on encouraging the most popular age groups to purchase more items during their gaming experience. 
    Lastly, the most popular item purchased was "Final Critic", showing a purchase count of 13 and a purchase value totaling to $59.99. This item was also the most profitable item in the data set, so this item had the highest value for the players. The gaming company could try to encourage other players to purchase this item since it did so well, or they could try to improve the quality or desirability of the other items that did not sell as much. 